Eat, eat, eat, eat
You eat stop
Let's go
You bully children
Is it an animal?
What are you?
Dare to meddle in my mother's business
It's just a wild species from Sujiang
I can play the Su family however I want
Little sister, whose child are you?
Tell me about it.
Of course, it's Su Wanqiu, that little bastard
I really don't know what Su Wanqiu was thinking
So many wealthy young masters have chosen
I chose a stinky beggar
And gave birth to a disgusting little wild dog
The face of the Su family
He threw it all away
What about your mother?
Mom went to work
Work cut
Shit work
Su Wanqiu stayed in the Golden Pavilion all day long
Accompanying the wild man
How can he care about his daughter?